Patching Logs Archive Documentation (#8888)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/archives/_index.md

Use this configuration optional step to:

> * Include all log tags in your archives (activated by default on all new archives). **Note**: this increases the size of resulting archives.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Include all log tags in your archives (activated by default on all new archives). **Note**: This increases the size of resulting archives.  
```

Within the zipped JSON file, each event’s content is formatted as follows:

```json
{
    "_id": "123456789abcdefg",
    "date": "2018-05-15T14:31:16.003Z",
    "host": "i-12345abced6789efg",
    "source": "source_name",
    "service": "service_name",
    "status": "status_level",

>     "message": "2018-05-15T14:31:16.003Z INFO rid="acb-123" status=403 method=PUT",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "message": "2018-05-15T14:31:16.003Z INFO rid='acb-123' status=403 method=PUT",
```
I'm not sure if this has to be valid JSON

>     "attributes": { "rid": "abc-123", "http": { "status_code": 403, "method": "PUT" } }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "attributes": { "rid": "abc-123", "http": { "status_code": 403, "method": "PUT" } },
```

    "tags": [ "env:prod", "team:acme" ]
}
```

> **Note**: Adding tags in archives is an opt-in feature - see in this [section](#datadog-tags) how to enable it for an archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Adding tags in archives is an opt-in feature - see in the [Datadog tags section](#datadog-tags) to enable it for an archive.
```
